adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
adding camera head at linkhigh_def_optical_frame
adding camera right_wrist at linkr_wrist_roll_link
adding camera left_wrist at linkl_wrist_roll_link
